c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.g.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\obj\Debug\WpfApplication2.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.docking.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.docking.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.docking.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Navigation.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Data.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\de\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\es\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\fr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\it\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\nl\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\tr\Telerik.Windows.Controls.resources.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.charting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.ribbonview.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.charting.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.charting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Input.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.ribbonview.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.ribbonview.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.gridview.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.gridview.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.gridview.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.data.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Diagrams.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.diagrams.extensions.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Diagrams.Core.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Diagrams.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Controls.Diagrams.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.diagrams.extensions.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\telerik.windows.controls.diagrams.extensions.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Diagrams.Core.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\WpfApplication2\WpfApplication2\bin\Debug\Telerik.Windows.Diagrams.Core.xml
